Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain a Horror film
called "Tusk."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
Wallace Bryton has been scouring the internet
for humiliating videos to show it to his friend,
Teddy, on their popular podcast, the Not-See
party.
One day, a fan sends him a video of a kid
accidentally chopping his leg off with a katana.
The video has since gone viral, and the boy
has been dubbed as the "Kill Bill Kid."
As they watch the video during their show,
Teddy says he's starting to feel bad for the
boy.
Wallace, however, feels no sympathy, pointing
out that he has become famous with 30 million
hits on the internet.
Later on, they announce that Wallace will
travel to Manitoba, Canada, to interview the
Kill Bill Kid for their next episode.
Before signing off, Wallace takes cheap potshots
at the kid, saying he hopes that the boy doesn't
cry too much during the interview.
When he arrives at the boy's house, he's puzzled
when he sees a funeral flower at the doorstep.
He then hears someone crying, so he walks
to the yard and discovers that they're holding
a funeral for the Kill Bill Kid.
He soon learns that the boy had killed himself
with his own sword.
While having a drink at Bar H, Wallace calls
Teddy, expressing his frustration that the
boy didn't wait for two more days for the
interview.
Wallace tells Teddy that he couldn't come
back home without any material for their show,
so he decides to find someone else to interview.
In the bathroom, he finds a handbill from
a man offering free lodging in his woodland
home to anyone interested in performing household
chores for him.
The man, Howard, says that he can no longer
do the simple tasks because he's confined
to the wheelchair.
Wallace's interest is roused by Howard's promise
to share stories about his adventures in the
ocean when he was younger, so he takes the
invitation.
During a stop at a convenience store, Wallace
calls Howard looking for his address.
Howard instructs him to go to Bifrost, so
Wallace asks the clerks how far it is from
the store.
The two girls tell him that he's still quite
far, noting that it's about two hours away.
Upon his arrival, Wallace and Howard immediately
get acquainted.
After offering Wallace some tea, Howard asks
Wallace about his purpose since he's not interested
in staying at the house.
Wallace explains that he came to hear about
his adventures so he could talk about them
on his podcast.
The two start drinking, and Howard starts
narrating his memorable adventures, starting
with meeting Ernest Hemingway in Normandy
on D-Day.
Hemingway had been prohibited from joining
the raid, so he stayed on the boat.
Hemingway was disappointed that he doesn't
get to engage in combat, so he goes to the
galley to find alcohol.
Howard, who worked as a potato peeler at the
time, offers him a bottle of Weiser.
After hearing about the casualties from the
battle, Hemingway utters his famous quote,
"Only do sober what you do drunk.
It will teach you to keep your mouth shut."
Howard shows him the bottle he offered to
Hemingway, saying it's just an old bottle,
but it becomes a powerful talisman when combined
with the story.
Soon, a phallic-shaped artifact on the wall
catches Wallace's eye.
Howard says that it is a baculum from a walrus.
He explains that it's a bone found in the
reproductive organ of placental mammals to
aid them during intercourse.
Howard contends that it's only proper to admire
the walrus because it's one of the noblest
creatures on the planet.
When Wallace asks how Howard came across the
artifact, Howard reveals that he once had
a profound encounter with a walrus when he
was lost at sea.
He tells Wallace that the shipwreck happened
on the southern coast of Siberia in 1959 when
they were searching for the Great White Shark.
They never found the shark because their ship
collided with an iceberg.
After the boat sank, Howard swam alone in
the dark, terrified.
Soon, he wakes up on a small island and learns
that a walrus had saved him.
Howard recalls that even with its large tusks,
the animal as gentle as a cow.
Howard says he named it "Mr. Tusk," after
the only authority figure he trusted, a janitor
named Mr. Tuskegee.
He says he's never had such a fulfilling friendship
with anyone.
As Howard continues to describe his experience
with the walrus, Wallace starts feeling drowsy
and falls to the floor.
Howard tells Wallace he will be alright and
calls him Mr. Tusk.
Before Wallace went to Canada, his girlfriend,
Ally, tried to stop him because she doesn't
want to make fun of the Kill Bill Kid in his
own home.
Wallace points out that the teenager reached
out to him after turning down Oprah Winfrey.
He claims that he doesn't intend to make fun
of the boy, and he's only doing it for his
show.
Ally notes that the Wallace she fell in love
with would never exploit a kid.
Wallace, however, stresses that his old self
couldn't pay his bills because he was unsuccessful
as a comedian.
He says he prefers his new persona because
he could make a lot of money from the ads
from his podcast and his merchandise.
Ally urges him to take her to Canada with
him, but Wallace argues that Teddy would get
weird and jealous.
Furthermore, Wallace worries that he wouldn't
be as funny if she's with him because he would
be distracted.
As Wallace prepares to make love, Ally tells
him that she misses the old Wallace because
he was so sweet and soft.
Ally teases Wallace, saying he used to cry
over Winnie the Pooh.
Back at Howard's home, Wallace wakes up in
a wheelchair.
Howard, who's polishing a tusk across the
room, says he got scared when he saw Wallace
collapse the previous night.
He tells Wallace that he passed out because
he was bit by a spider called the brown recluse.
Still dazed, Wallace asks him for his phone,
but Howard tells him that a certain Dr. Mosier
broke it while treating Wallace.
When Wallace notices that he can't feel his
legs, Howard informs him that it's the spinal
injection because the spider had filled him
with so much poison that his ankle became
swollen.
Howard then mentions that Dr. Mosier had to
amputate his leg to prevent the venom from
traveling to his heart.
When he removes the blanket on his thigh,
he's shocked to see that his legs have been
cut off at the knee.
Wallace demands to know why he wasn't brought
to a hospital, so Howard tells him the doctor
felt it's best to recuperate at the house
because hospitals are full of diseases.
Wallace can't make sense of the situation,
so he asks to talk to the doctor.
Howard, however, claims that the doctor is
making his rounds.
Howard begins to narrate his experiences again,
but Wallace gets frustrated and tells him
that he's no longer interested in his stories.
Wallace tries to get up but sees he’s been
tied up.
Howard laughs at him as he explains that he
put the belt to keep him from falling from
the chair.
When Wallace asks to borrow a phone, Howard
says that the doctor removed all the communication
devices from the house so Wallace wouldn't
be disturbed while he recovers.
Before leaving the room, Howard holds back
his laughter as he tells Wallace that he's
sorry about his predicament.
That night, Howard serves dinner, but Wallace
couldn't eat because he can't move his arms.
Howard informs him that he's still incapacitated
because he's been injected with morphine for
his leg pain.
When Wallace starts to suspect that there
was no spider, Howard mocks him by singing
Itsy-bitsy spider.
Wallace yells at him, asking him to let him
out but is shocked to see Howard getting up
from his wheelchair.
Howard walks toward him and slaps him in the
face as he calls for help.
When Howard gets back to his chair, he reveals
that he's been creating a walrus suit.
Wallace starts to feel disheartened as he
listens to Howard explaining his bizarre fixation
with walruses.
Howard says that when Wallace wears the suit,
he must act like a walrus and stop using his
human voice.
Wallace starts begging Howard to let him go.
When Wallace asks him about his motive, Howard
tells him that he intends to find out if a
man is really a walrus at heart.
When Wallace yells for help again, Howard
mocks him by screaming along with him.
Meanwhile, Ally pours her heart out to another
man because she has started to resent Wallace
for cheating on her.
She stresses that she also hates herself for
putting her life on hold for him.
Ally cherishes the moments he spends with
the man because he restores her every time
Wallace destroys her.
During the podcast episode before Wallace's
trip to Canada, Teddy disclosed that he would
be taking Ally to the Getty because Wallace
is disinterested in art.
When they sign off, Teddy mentions that Ally
wants to go with him to Canada.
But Wallace stresses that he doesn't want
Ally around when he interviews the Kill Bill
Kid because he can't be himself if she's there.
Wallace is irritated with Ally at times because
she constantly berates him for doing "mean
comedy."
Wallace then confesses that he wants to be
with other women even though he finds Ally
hot.
He tells Teddy that he's going over to Ally's
place to have intercourse with her before
his trip.
Back in Howard's house, Wallace hears his
phone ringing, so he tries to follow the sound.
As he reaches the phone, the ringing stops.
He sees it’s a missed call from Ally. Wallace
calls her back, but she wouldn't answer, so
he leaves a message.
He whispers into the phone, asking Ally for
help, saying a man had abducted him and wants
to turn him into an animal.
Wallace tells her that he's really scared
that he'll never see her again and apologizes
for the way he treated her.
Meanwhile, Teddy brushes his teeth and gets
ready to spend the night with Ally. Wallace
leaves Teddy a voice message to ask him for
help as well.
As Wallace gives Teddy details about his situation,
Howard approaches him from behind and hits
him in the head.
Howard tells Wallace that his life as a human
is over, and he'll have to become a walrus
if he wants to survive.
In the morning, Ally hears the voice message
on her phone while she brushes her teeth.
After learning that Wallace is in trouble,
she wakes Ted up and lets him hear the message.
When Ally looks at Teddy's phone, she learns
that Wallace left a message for him as well.
She returns Wallace's call, but he couldn't
answer because Howard is performing an operation
on him.
Howard tells him that it's good to know that
someone cares for him, recalling that the
only one that ever showed him any affection
was Mr. Tusk.
He tells Wallace that he had been exploited
when he was a young boy.
He narrates that he was placed at an orphanage
after his mother and father were killed by
muggers in Montreal.
Not long after, the children at the orphanages
were sent to an insane asylum because a corrupt
politician shut down the orphanages and reclassified
them as mental health institutions to get
funding from the government.
During his five years at the asylum, he was
beaten and tortured.
He says that people at the asylum, including
priests, politicians, and nuns, have forced
themselves on him.
When he was 15, he managed to escape from
Canada and made his way to the U.S.
When Howard finishes the operation on Wallace,
his arms have been sewed to his torso, and
his other leg has also been cut off.
Meanwhile, Ally and Teddy alert the authorities
about Wallace's abduction as they drive to
Manitoba.
In an underground room, Howard finishes fitting
the walrus costume onto Wallace's body.
Howard begins reciting poetry as Wallace screeches
at him.
Howard, speaking to Wallace as if he's Mr.
Tusk, says he misses the time they spent together
when he was shipwrecked at Ponder Rock.
Howard recites another poem expressing his
regret of leaving Mr. Tusk behind to be with
humans again.
He feels like he made a mistake going back,
citing the atrocities humans commit against
each other.
Ally and Teddy track down Wallace by showing
his picture at car rental companies.
When they get to the police station, they
let a detective hear Wallace's last message
to them.
The detective asks them if they're sure Wallace
isn't pulling a prank, pointing out that they
usually clown around in their podcasts.
Teddy assures the cop that Wallace wouldn't
go too far with his jokes.
The detective is baffled by the part of Wallace's
message where he says Howard had cut off his
leg.
He then recalls that a former detective from
Quebec had recently asked him if they've found
legless bodies around their jurisdiction.
The detective gives them the number of the
former cop, Guy Lapointe, who had been hunting
for a serial killer in Canada.
Back at the house, Howard forces Wallace to
learn to swim as a walrus by forcibly pulling
him into the water with a remote-controlled
chain.
Wallace manages to stay up in the water, but
he couldn't stay afloat for long.
At the bottom of the pool, Wallace is struck
with terror when he discovers a human corpse
in a walrus costume.
In Manitoba, Ally and Teddy meet up with Guy,
who has been hunting for Howard Howe for the
last decade.
He discloses that he's sacrificed several
marriages and even his sanity just to find
Howard.
He hasn't been sleeping well because of his
obsession, but when Ally and Teddy contacted
him, he finally slept like a baby because
he now knows that he's close to catching Howard.
Guy reveals that Howard has already killed
twenty-three people, and the number could
go up to twenty-four if they don't find Wallace
soon.
Guy says that Howard's M.O. has remained the
same over the years.
The authorities usually find the pieces of
the skinned body a month after the victim's
disappearance.
The legs are always removed at the knees,
and arms are sewed to the body.
The victim's mouth and teeth are always mutilated,
with their tongues ripped out.
Guy explains that he strongly believes that
he had met Howard a few years back while he
was looking for a missing hockey player in
Quebec.
During the search, he came across a secluded
cabin.
When Guy approached the house, a man named
Bartholomew Mosier asks him to kill a spider
in his bathroom.
Bartholomew, who speaks with a goofy voice,
tells Guy that he called the police to deal
with the spider.
Guy, however, says the police did not send
him, but he's looking for a hockey player
named Gregory Gumtree.
Before his disappearance, Gregory had seen
an advertisement offering him a place to stay.
Guy asks the man if he's seen anything suspicious
on Monday night, but he tells him that he
was at the rink running errands for a hockey
team called the Little Mites.
The man tells Guy that they usually go to
a restaurant on Mondays.
Before Guy leaves, Bartholomew asks him again
if he's sure he's not there to kill the spider.
Guy says he's not paid enough to deal with
savage animals.
Bartholomew responds by saying he thinks that
the real savages are humans.
Guy tells them that he has since discovered
that there's no record of a man named Bartholomew
Mosier, and there's no team called the Little
Mites.
He surmises that Gregory was probably at the
house when he paid a visit.
A month later, the authorities find Gregory's
body clogging up a sewer pipe outside Gatineau.
By that time, Bartholomew had already disappeared.
Guy had been fired from the force because
he challenged the theory that meat hooks caused
the mutilation in the victims' mouths.
He points out that Gumtree also had holes
in the roof of his mouth, and the authorities
found a tiny piece of his own tibia bone inside
one hole.
When Guy asked Gumtree's mother what she thinks
happened to her son, the mother says that
the killer is making a monster.
Back at the house, Howard asks Wallace why
he's still mourning the loss of his humanity.
He explains that during his travels, he only
found that humans are cruel.
He tells Wallace that he's already tired from
being battered by life and by fate.
Howard senses that Wallace must be hungry,
so he throws him a mackerel and tells him
to eat up.
Howard leaves the pool area to watch Wallace
eat the fish through the window.
When Wallace finally takes a bite, Howard
is satisfied that Wallace seems to be adapting
to his life as a walrus, so he leaves him
alone.
Before leaving to search for Wallace, Guy
asks Ally about his driving habits, so Ally
tells him that Wallace likes buying large
drinks from convenience stores.
When they show Wallace's photo to a store
clerk, the woman recognizes him as Mr. Mustache.
Guy soon learns that Wallace had written the
address of his destination on a pad.
Guy asks the store clerk for the pad Wallace
used and shades it with a pencil to see what
was written on the previous page.
Meanwhile, Howard enters the water with Wallace
to help him swim.
Howard reveals to Wallace that he had killed
Mr. Tusk at Ponder Rock when he ran out of
food.
When he was rescued, he saw the animal's blood
on his hand and immediately regretted what
he has done.
He tells Wallace that Mr. Tusk wasn't prepared
for the fight the last time.
He assures him that it would be different
this time because he's already shown him how
cruel man can be.
When Guy finds Wallace's rented car in a swamp,
he hands Ally and Teddy guns to prepare them
for an encounter with Howard, noting that
he is very dangerous.
Back at the subterranean room, Howard dons
a walrus suit, as he discloses that he had
killed Mr. Tusk an hour before his rescue.
He says that he is now giving the walrus a
fighting chance to commemorate the day he
killed the animal.
Wallace keeps screaming as he fights against
Howard.
Outside, Ally hears Wallace's screams, so
they rush toward the house.
As they continue to fight, Howard tells Wallace
that he survived longer than the others, noting
that his survival instincts have kicked in.
Howard then takes the walrus suit off saying
his instincts have also been triggered.
When Howard aims to hit Wallace with the baculum,
Wallace buries his tusk on Howard's foot,
causing him to drop to the ground.
Wallace continues to attack by repeatedly
stabbing Howard with his tusks.
As Howard's life fades, he tells Wallace that
he is indeed Mr. Tusk.
When Teddy and Ally finally enter the room,
Ally is grieved to see his appearance.
Wallace bellows at them repeatedly as they
look at him with pity.
Guy points a shotgun at Wallace, pondering
if he should put an end to his misery, but
Ally stops him.
A year later, Ally and Teddy go to a zoo to
pay Wallace a visit.
Ally calls out to Wallace, but he wouldn't
come out, so Teddy suggests throwing him a
mackerel.
After throwing the fish to the pen, Wallace
comes out to take a bite.
Teddy tells Wallace that he doesn't have to
hide from them.
When Wallace sees Ally's tears, he recalls
when she was chiding him because he no longer
cries when he watches Winnie the Pooh.
She narrates that when his grandmother died,
she told his grandfather not to shed tears.
Her grandfather, however, asserts that it's
good to cry because it separates the people
from animals.
Before leaving the zoo, Ally tells Wallace
that she loves him.
Tears start to flow from Wallace's eyes as
he goes back to his rock shelter.